Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
• To contact us or purchase any of our designs you must first create an
account. You can create an account for FREE. You must keep your account
email/username password secure.
Refund Policy
• We require customers to pay in advance to purchase any design or start a
project for any design.
• We have a few options to start the project, You can start the project through
any option:
1. You can start by clicking "Project" from the top bar or footer.
2. You can start by clicking "Start Project Here" from the Price List page.
3. You can first collect your favorite designs in the cart list then you can start
the project for your favorite designs from the cart list.
4. You can start the project through a custom offer from the inbox.
•The requirements page must be completed when starting a customer
project, as we will create the customer's design according to these
requirements.
• You will need to provide us with your specific information so that we can
create your design.
• How we will work on the project:
Start work
After completing the customer requirement page we will start the design
work.
First concept
The customer gives us the time to create his design, we will create it and
show it to him within that time.
(Then, if the customer feels the need to change something in this design,
then we will correct the changes if the customer informs us about the
changes.)
Final delivery
After the design work is completed we will deliver the final file according to
the package selected by the customer.
• The customer must make all changes/revisions before we send the final file,
no changes/revisions will be accepted after we send the final file.
• If there are any errors on our part after sending the final file, we will only
correct those errors. If there is an error on the part of the customer, the
customer must start a new project to correct the error.
• We don't give the customer two options to choose from when creating a
new design. We only provide one design option. If the customer doesn't like
the first design, we will create a second design for the customer. But we will
delete the first design while creating the second design. If the customer
decides to accept the first design after seeing the second design. Then the
customer will not get the first design from us. We won't create the first
design a second time. So if the customer likes the first design, it should be
accepted immediately.
• You can only use our designs for your personal or business purposes.
• You can't resell our designs.
• We don't provide any Images. You must provide us with images to use in
your design.
• We will only create the design. We do not print any designs. You have to get
your design printed from another print shop.
• If you like one of our designs, and you want to start a project for this design,
please take a look at the design description before starting the project.
• No complaints will be accepted after project completion.
You cannot cancel the project without any reason.
Refund Policy
●
If you accidentally start a project, you must notify us within 5 hours of
starting the project. We will be happy to refund you.
●
If you don't like the design we created, you should let us know before we
send the final file. We will gladly refund you. However, refunds will not be
accepted after we have sent the final file.
After you start a project, we will not provide additional services to you if you
ask us for additional services beyond the package of the project. You will not
be eligible for a refund based on this issue.